Add template fields renderers for better UI rendering (#11061)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/howto/custom-operator.rst

In the example, the ``template_fields`` should be ``['guest_name']`` and not  ``['name']``

Additionally you may provide ``template_fields_renderers`` dictionary which defines in what style the value
from template field renders in Web UI. For example:

.. code-block:: python

        class MyRequestOperator(BaseOperator):
            template_fields = ['request_body']
            template_fields_renderers = {'request_body': 'json'}

            @apply_defaults
            def __init__(
                    self,
                    request_body: str,
                    **kwargs) -> None:
                super().__init__(**kwargs)

>                 self.request_body = name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                self.request_body = request_body
```

Currently available lexers:

  - bash
  - doc
  - json
  - md
  - py
  - rst
  - sql
  - yaml

> If you will use non existing lexer the value of the template filed be rendered as pretty printed object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a non existing lexer then the value of the template field will be rendered as a pretty printed object.
```
